everybody welcome back to northern land
please binding my second trip plus you
might as well knock out some greedier
great ear who is the ideal ear greedier
player to provide us with a seat here
you know what I mean
it's the they rhyme sort of so or Eden
we're gonna try Eden do to the coupon
ms4 wn7 XR with 3 HP terrible speed
immediately mitigated by the pickup of
the speed ball but are you seeing this
coupon thing that we got going on here
cuz like I just got potato peeler for
free I know that sounds like a spam
comment you'd see on a blog working from
home I was able to get this potato
peeler for free but it's the darn truth
isn't it also I just realized if we can
hold up your hold up I want to get 5
cents if we purchase a battery charge
the worst possible outcome is that it
gives us something else worth 5 cents no
it's like an infinite upside I'm gonna
take the potato peeler and I'm gonna be
a moron and I'm gonna pop it 3 times
because I first off knock three times on
the ceiling if you want me secondly I
think this is gonna be a not just for
the damage bonus but for the third level
meat boy I think third level meat boy
could really expedite the process of
getting through these earlier waves not
to mention I mean you know five point
two eight damage is okay but I don't
think we want to use potato peeler
forever I don't even think we want to
use potato peeler like much more than
this third level is okay however I will
admit that I wouldn't mind getting a
little bit more like if I can get a ton
of HPV we can get a prayer card that we
can use endlessly sign me up so I'm not
gonna be stepping on the button because
that's gonna cause us to lose HP in the
process we also started I'm just
realizing with the BB F which is very
dangerous for us but also potentially
fairly high damage
play our cards right and by the way this
the start of this run is a microcosm of
like my way of playing Isaac in general
we started very comfortably with respect
to our HP and I traded all of that
comfort away for just like the slightest
bit of extra killing potential that's
how I play the game and it's usually
it's okay sometimes it's you know
catastrophic and makes me look like a
moron but we hit 14 cents so we're gonna
coupon again we got a red heart that's
pretty bad we're gonna buy probably two
three cent keys in fact actually let's
buy let's buy this key coupon we got a
bomb that's not that bad actually
and then we'll buy another three cent
key we probably will not get enough to
go to the boss fight but I think that's
okay
now Book of Revelations is like actually
good because we have a deal with the
devil approaching I'm gonna do something
that's kind of ungraded aspyn name of
the mode we're gonna buy another spear
at our just so that we have the ability
to take a deal with the devil but I
think you've got to stick with coupon
especially if you can find a way to get
a lot of battery charges out of coupon
like if we can get a battery baby or a
d20 or you know anything even remotely
along these lines that allows us to kind
of wheel batteries into existence we can
get unlimited items and consumables for
free we're not gonna quite get to enough
money which actually means I'm gonna
purchase two keys just because I want to
keep our money high and yet at the same
time I also want to make sure that I am
buying discount keys because you know
they we might never see them for three
cents again so it makes sense to stock
up like we're on Extreme Couponing or
something you know the ultimate
injustice of the world is that I
guarantee the cashiers and servers on
Extreme Couponing if you haven't seen it
it's an American reality show where
people with too much time on their hands
donate on the Mandel they're just being
frugal okay you know what it's like
positive hoarding it's like fiscal
hoarding
not necessarily always a bad thing a was
the gossip op the guys will pop the guys
will pop the gossip but that the
greatest injustice is that the we might
as well do the last room there could be
poop in there or just enemies but still
what's we got a free sister Maggie
that's not great but considering you
know we didn't pay anything for it it's
pretty good plus a coupon charge the
greatest injustice is that I'm pretty
sure the people who were Extreme
Couponing got paid to be on the TV show
and I doubt that the the person involved
in actually totaling up the transactions
aw freakin dime dude always like you
know they see they got a loophole in
here if you buy eight hundred soup cans
technically that counts as both a
multiple of an eight and a multiple of
ten so you can double dip on this coupon
shouldn't they use two bombs for this
but what's done is done
cashier needs a PhD in discrete
mathematics in order to understand how
to total the thing up well we've got so
much HP we should keep this and it was
worth it in some ways I think we should
buy meat and you're gonna say I know
you're gonna say why not just try to use
the coupon the answer to that is
actually I I think that it's the right
idea to buy a good item if we have the
money in the early game because it's not
like we're it's not like this 15 cents
has any chance to make up the 99 cents
that we're gonna hopefully use to finish
this off I mean we only have like 30
cents to go anyway on the greed machine
so dude the greed machine sounds like an
awesome name for a novel eventually
turned into a 1970s movie that doesn't
quite match the caliber of the novel the
greed machine
be about like the government bailout of
General Motors in the 1980s thanks a lot
Lee Iacocca I have no idea what I'm
talking about I just know that Lee
Iacocca you know that's like master
level spelling test word right they're
not too relevant in the modern era I
don't know what Lee Iacocca's doing now
[Music]
it's just a great name one of history's
greatest names Genghis Khan
Kubla Khan all the cons actually Khan
was a title his real name was Temujin
where are we going with this well I'm
just I'm stalling for time a little bit
as I figure out what we're gonna do with
this coupon you might think the best
idea is to use the coupon endlessly and
most of the time I would probably agree
but without a without a reroll machine
if we get one of these items they're
gone forever still I think we should try
it
we got a battery charge we got HP I
think that's actually fine we probably
shouldn't have taken it in until we saw
what was in the deal with the devil but
that's okay
speaking of which we didn't get anything
in a deal with the devil but what I
think I'm gonna do again we can afford
to be spending cuz then we're a long way
from the end of the game and the reroll
machine is we're starting out the reroll
machine the donation machine is almost
cats so great shot great shot I didn't
have a lot of real estate there what I'm
gonna probably do I think is by the by
the the gift and then use the gift on
our devil or angel deal to get a free
item in there you never know what we
could be provided glorious bounty or a
slap in the dang face but we'll take
coupon with us to leave as you might
expect all right this is gonna be like
absolutely the hardest wave we've had so
far you know would be an actual 10 out
of 10 item BFF I don't know if it
actually improves BBFS clothes
but it would make the Super Meat Boy
substantially more deadly which is kind
of what we're looking for
our own damage hasn't improved too much
but we're very very close to spun and I
think the coupon represents an
interesting item that we can really take
long-term you know if it gives us a
space bar item and a consumable per
floor that's like an you know 140 cent
value or something by the time we reach
the greed fight now we don't really need
140 cent value what we need is damage
and tears but well we get something
excuse me please give me a perthro
immediately Wow so double lovers and
double haggle eyes that is just
horrendous complete waste of fifteen
cents I'm sorry to say um it's not worth
haggle eyes than that probably save it
for not just a better chance at a crawl
space but like a guaranteed tinted rock
or something I'd kicked my garbage can
that's how mad I was I was so furious I
said I hate garbage and I kicked the can
magic mush twenty out of ten
Necronomicon does take us closer to
bookworm otherwise not too useful here
try a little Huggle oz with four skulls
three of them turned into jerks not a
big fan no battery charge available lots
of pills though 48-hour energy please
now I'm trapped in a fecal prison of my
own creation mm-hmm pardon me retro
vision probably not worth the card but I
figured you got a try right and by gada
I mean we had absolutely no external
incentive to try but three sent cards
I'm a believer dude five cents no way
son three cents
sign me up I'm gonna step on the button
we have HP to burn which is a dangerous
line of reasoning
pop that yeah that's that's pretty much
what I was looking for odd mushroom
minor damage downgrade for a huge tears
upgrade I'm gonna try to incite a reroll
which is exactly how that happened and
now on our next charge we might be able
to get another space bar item of some
use these six I mean I would prefer to
get a passive because I'd like to stick
with the coupon but still pretty good
and this is like the highest value
skinny odd mushroom I think I've come
the skinny on mushroom is one of those
weird items that I've had like I've
reversed my opinion on like 20 times
it's like my opinion of the Darren
Aronofsky film the fountain first time I
saw it I thought it was pretentious
garbage next time I saw it I was like
wow it's an ambitious film it deserves
some credit for that next time I saw it
I was like are there any actors in this
except for Rachel vice and Hugh Jackman
next time I saw it I was like you know
what it's a little underrated people
don't give it the respect it I just like
every time I watch it it's like flipping
a switch feel the same way about skinny
odd mushroom like two episodes ago I was
like it has no purpose this episode was
very good I think the the reality of the
situation is that it's probably good for
us in situations in which we've gotten
no tears upgrades or in fact maybe even
tears down grades because basically
doubled our rate of fire and took our
damage down by like a twelfth or
something or name rather alright coupon
it up here a ninth I guess get the lucky
horseshoe no think we want anything else
it's kinda tempting to go for the to go
for the box I don't think it's right
please shoot at all Jesus please shoot
at one of the other enemies okay me Boyd
finished you off sorry about that kind
of tempting to go for the box cuz we're
gonna have to buy a key anyway so we
kind of paying 10 cents for the box
because we're getting a key that we
would normally probably buy for five
cents anyway but is it worth 10 cents
you know you get a bomb you get a
trinket you get a card it probably is
but I think we're approaching the point
at which we want to be a little bit more
thrifty with art with our finances just
so we can self-select the best possible
items although to be honest our dps is
like quite good finally we get a deal
with the devil that actually provides us
an item the item is actually bad
ingredient the transformation is lovely
so we're gonna try we're already on the
womb here this one's popping off pretty
quick by the way I have that not many
but the occasional comment that's like
you know it sucks or that listen that
sucks is a strong word right it stinks
that you know there's one Isaac a day
and sometimes it's like 20 something
minutes long I feel yeah but it's like I
don't want to say growing pains it's not
the right word it's just a byproduct of
the fact that greedier mode tends to be
shorter ones greed greedy or etc etc are
done those are gonna be definitely not
the norm I think we want to go for a
reroll here once we get coupon but so
just you know I'm trying to make sure
these are an equitable length of the
most part you know as long as they can
be without spinning their wheels rarely
am i like a blank card Emperor let's
just speed through it step on this
please thank you but just it's a
byproduct of the fact that you know
greedier is shorter tends to be shorter
at least and you tend to like ball out
of control on those runs if you get the
right combination of items which show up
like all the time key not bad not really
what we're gunning for we might want to
go pajamas cuz our HP is kind of bad so
let's not be like a hand waving away the
criticism rather it's me
understanding the criticism but also
just illustrating that it'll uh it'll be
over relatively soon I mean greedier is
already we've got like seven or eight
greedier runs to do bare minimum but the
machine is like dustin more or less so
we don't have to do any grinding which
is very very nice now well what I'm
saying essentially is never fear we'll
be in the era where people will be
asking for greed mode runs soon enough
it will happen I promise you that so
we've actually timed our charges
decently here got quite a lot of money
not that interested in donating much
more interested in survival I mean if we
donate like five cents on every
remaining run we will max that machine
out no we didn't time it properly
alright I can't afford to spend any more
HP willy nilly I think so I'm kind of
saving my money at this point cuz I
think that we've got oh that was very
dangerous that was just stupid we got a
very good chance to defeat ultra greed
in the with the stats that we've got
right now but I also okay also don't
think that it's even close to guaranteed
so I'm basically saving all of my money
to devise spirit hearts or items that
could give us spirit hearts
and it's looking like pyjamas is
probably a good pick up here well isn't
it like 15 cents for three spirit hearts
maybe it lowers tear delay I can't call
so we bought Spyder mod I'm sorry we got
spider mod for free it's okay I will
take PJ's it's for spirit hearts so it
is a deal I don't think we need to buy
spirit arts yet
it's just something I'd like to do in
the future probably lump of coal is
worth it I will take Jesus juice
sure we're not gonna be able to save as
much as I might like but
Jesus you sended up being a little bit
of a unexpectedly not that amazing
damage upgrade it must be a damage
multiplier like a the reason I say that
is because sometimes it's great and
sometimes it's bad and I'm assuming well
not bad but sometimes it's not so great
and I'm assuming that the time so it's
not so greater when we already have a
damage multiplier that cannibalizes it
like in this case magic mush so I mean
why don't you just look it up on the
wiki oh why don't I just look up the
answers to life the universe and
everything on the wiki you know why
don't I take all the fun and now I'm
just lazy I look up my meals on
Wikipedia I never look up anything
related to my work because then it would
spoil it for me my lurk I never look up
anything related to my work anytime
anybody in a movie says my work they're
doing something they shouldn't be doing
lay there resurrecting you know human
corpses or something Kapila duplex is
okay and some HP is okay both of these
kind of similar in my eyes well they I
mean not similar in terms of what they
do that would be ridiculous but speed
irrelevant retro vision just bad car
battery it's like a little late for car
battery to be very good but you kind of
still want to take it right like double
coupon I think if I wanted the guppy
dream that to come to pass we pretty
much needed that to pay out right there
so this could give us 15 cents which
would be very nice
instead of give us zero it's another
it's an alternative outcome of which I'm
substantially less excited and I
actually think that the best thing we
could do is pay for car battery and then
using our full coupon charge maybe like
re-roll then we don't need to reroll if
you pay for it that's right pay for car
battery then using our full coupon
charge
Rolle immediately and hope to get
something of value or two things of
value rather I think there's still time
for us to make it work we got like one
one point something floors left that was
to be fair first time I've been hit by
my own BBF I think but not a good place
to stand admittedly so this is kind of
where I think the Run will not
necessarily live or die but I think it's
got a chance to improve drastically
right here I guess the other question is
do I like any of these items and even
the toothpicks is unnecessary so we're
already at the tear cap so just try to
roll and these are not necessarily much
better but let's try so we got a red
heart and the battery the battery does
not give us an instant charge which is a
bummer and a free battery is actually
not bad but it's again kind of a little
too late to be of peak usefulness
because early in the game the battery
would have been awesome me we ended up
probably wasting a lot of our coupon
charges unfortunately
just from not being fully charged but I
almost think that we have a chance for
like a novel break you know everybody
blank card Yara
blank are two of diamonds these are the
classic breaks chaos b20 what can we do
in this situation
well you're me out here what if we
reroll the machine until we get a
battery charge by the battery charge and
then get extremely lucky in our car
battery holes so bad our car battery
coupon allows us to continually get a
battery charge and an item per roll I
think none of these are worth it even
though book where I'm exists they're
just not good enough so I'm gonna I'm
gonna try please
Thank You battery no battery I'm gonna
try to sense no okay so we're just gonna
leave instead leave instead Sunna Jesus
a blank but okay we don't even have it
item rooms on this one I forgot so this
might be a good floor to just purchase a
lot of spirit hearts will I do so well
that's an interesting question think you
start oh oh I leave even though that
costs us the spirit art I believe in
this energy and we got to make up a lot
of ground HP wise on this floor okay so
start pop that we got a battery charge
and we got mom's key mom's key gives us
two keys open this thing up key in
several bombs use the bombs to get a
little money
we don't really want black hole or dull
razor we can live with that so what we
want to do is reroll probably a little
too much in money but now I've spent it
so uh I could use the HP loops a kick to
my garbage can that time not out of
anger
so buy this go for that we did get the
HP that's pretty lucky I also got the
fungi transformation so it was worth 2
HP and now we'll we'll leave here and
try this again probably should have
spent the bomb on the reroll but all we
need to do is win here and the stats are
good dude the stats are good it might be
for the best to just use like all of
your remaining money to purchase spirit
arts but I don't think we have spirits
in the rotation just yet
probably also would be good to stop
wasting HP by stepping on the button
every time the batteries coming in full
effect all I to speed allowed me to
destructively dodge right into it stop
should have enough to buy a couple of
consumables or create like a single
reroll which is sadly more along the
lines of what we need to do okay
I mean starter deck is okay we didn't
get either we got a key and a trinket
that's pretty terrible I'm gonna go for
like a probably very ill-advised reroll
by a battery charge
we got a spirit heart and a red oh yeah
spirit Arden a key and try this again
yeah then we got pay to play not worth
much except allows us to buy one of
those so we can definitely create an HP
upgrade and get the battery charged so
having done that we now take the battery
charge re-roll we don't really want
clicker or speed we could use HP I could
use the fanny pack what else do we got
the other key okay so we picked up a lot
of HP on this floor is it enough I don't
know I feel like I've I don't think I've
abused you know cleverness to ruin my
run accidentally I think I might have
spent a lot of mental energy to mostly
like move laterally I think we could
have improved ourselves just as well by
purchasing good items instead of
spending all our money on rerolls and
battery charges to get them for free
we're not gonna have enough to buy
anything else so we're pretty much
locked in at this point let's clear out
the riffraff please oh okay I mean we
got red hearts galore potentially so
don't let me stop you
we're hoping for a devil deal then
actually like it would have to give us
either absurd potential or would have to
give us HP like an equivalent amount if
we spend one to get the the mark that's
probably worth it if we spent two to get
the pact it's probably worth it what
another thing that might be useful is if
we can just like get a sun card or
something like that or even a full
health pill would also be fine algae's
would be good well I think he just did
take this blank rune and hope for the
best at this point I'm gonna try that we
can't hold two cards right we can hold
two trinkets yeah well against my better
judgement no battery charge let's leave
I still want to donate something you
know you got to strike a balance we'll
probably get some money when we kill the
first phase here like when we kill greed
but the first room rather the whole
point of this room existing I'm pretty
sure is just to give you some money you
can donate even if you spend all your
money on the previous section
I would like you to be algae's please
for can L so we got a blank rune
Birkenau and a regular Birkin Oh
Nell begins the long haul unfortunately
we got to focus for this whole fight
because I mean as you can see our damage
is not necessarily that good got
third-level meatboy ensuring that the
super armor never wears off didn't think
about that at the time of its creation
but I certainly think we have created an
interesting an interesting greed mode
run greedier but you get the idea
we're probably gonna die I do I think
we're gonna die
you know sometimes the right way is the
right way for a reason
and I've been trying to I was breaking
the mold on this run what you god I knew
we've been at it so long you know we're
playing our four thousandth Isaac run or
something like that but time will still
tell this was a smart decision but it's
certainly not looking that bright right
now
you might even say is looking kind of
dumb don't finish the lyrics don't you
dare you know what would have broken
this wide open I hate to say it because
it would be boring as heck but nod Leif
that was the most incredible shot of all
time with nod Leif we could just stand
still and let let third-level Meat Boy
take care of all our woes for us that
was embarrassing like that final fight
was just bad but we need it a little bit
more than I had there I kind of feel
like our stance betrayed us like we
should be able to do better within that
with the with ten point four six and a 5
rate of fire but I don't know I tried
even we'll have to do it again but it
was a fun synergy between the coupon
battery charges and car battery
hopefully we'll be able to get another
similarly good Eden's start here but for
now thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did click the like
button upside a great deal and of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time